URL: https://business.purdue.edu/online/home.php
Last-Modified: 

Online Master's Programs - Purdue Business Skip to Content Online Master's Programs Header School Website Search School Links School Home About About Us Contacts General Information Daniels School in Indianapolis News & Events Working at the school Student Employment Student Experience Undergraduate Graduate Programs Blog International Military Connections Academic Programs Undergraduate Master of Business Specialty Master's Online Master's Non-Degree Programs PHD Academic Departments & Research Academic Departments Faculty Research Outreach & Resources Administrative Offices Alumni Business Career Services Office of Business Partnerships Undergraduate Scholarships Centers & Initiatives Academic Centers & Libraries Research Centers Quick Links Apply Schedule a Visit Give Alumni Directory Contact Online Master's Programs Menu Home Admissions How to Apply Academic Programs Choosing an Online Master's Program MS Business Analytics MS Economics MS Global Supply Chain Management MS Human Resource Management Student Experience Home Blog Online Career Services Success Coaches Test Drive a Course Career Outcomes Contact Online Master in Business Online MBA Online Master of Business and Technology Online Master's Programs EXPERIENCE THE BOILER BRAND OF BUSINESS Purdue University’s Mitch Daniels School of Business offers a variety of flexible online graduate degree and certificate programs to prepare working professionals to make the next giant leap in their careers. The online portfolio is taught by the same esteemed faculty who instruct the Daniels School’s highly ranked residential master’s programs. Students of online graduate programs also have access to student support, career resources, and other unique opportunities to help expand and develop their professional lives. Are you looking to take your career further, but need a flexible program that’s compatible with your busy lifestyle? Take the next small step toward a giant leap with an online master’s program. Business Analytics Learn More Speak With a Specialist Economics Learn More Speak With a Specialist Global Supply Chain Management Learn More Speak With a Specialist Human Resource Management Learn More Speak With a Specialist Master in Business MBA Program MBT Program Interested in multiple programs? Your personal and professional goals may have you torn between two or more paths of advanced education. We encourage you to compare the strengths and differences of each of the online master’s programs side-by-side to make an informed decision. Compare Online Master’s Programs More options tailored to you In addition to our online master’s programs, the Daniels School of Business offers residential, specialized master’s programs; four ways to earn your MBA; online graduate certificates; and professional development programs, which are non-degree short courses. Explore... Residential Master’s Programs MBA Programs ONLINE GRADUATE CERTIFICATES Upcoming Events 28 Sep Program Overview: Online Master of Human Resource Management 7:00 pm 29 Sep Lead What's Next in Business and Technology Webinar 7:00 pm 30 Sep Program Overview: Online Master of Economics 7:00 pm 1 Oct Program Overview: Online MBA 7:00 pm 6 Oct Program Overview: Online Master of Business Analytics 7:00 pm Mitch Daniels School of Business Footer Footer Links Contact Meet the Dean Administrative Offices Parrish Library Campus Map General Information Directory Business Partnerships Employers Intranet myPurdue News Events School Awards Off Campus Credit Giving Accredited Member AACSB 403 Mitch Daniels Boulevard West Lafayette, IN 47907 Copyright © 2026 Purdue University . All Rights Reserved. If you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact the school webmaster at businesswebmaster@purdue.edu . In accordance with Purdue policies, all persons have equal access to Purdue University's educational programs, services and activities, without regard to race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin or ancestry, genetic information, marital status, parental status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, or status as a veteran. See Purdue's Nondiscrimination Policy Statement . If you have any questions or concerns regarding these policies, please contact the Office of the Vice President for Ethics and Compliance at vpec@purdue.edu or 765-494-5830. Accessibility | EA/EO University | Integrity Statement | Free Expression | College Scorecard (ed.gov) | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
