URL: https://asuonline.asu.edu/what-it-costs/scholarship-opportunities/
Last-Modified: Thu, 17 Sep 2026 15:53:24 GMT

Scholarships & Grants for Online Students | ASU Online Apply now × Please select one of the options below: Start Undergraduate Application Start Graduate Application Apply now × Please select one of the options below: Start Undergraduate Application Start Graduate Application × How can we assist? Request info or Chat Apply now × Please select one of the options below: Start Undergraduate Application Start Graduate Application Skip to main content Report an accessibility problem ASU Online Skip to main content Report an accessibility problem ASU Home My ASU Colleges and Schools Sign in ASU Online Online Degrees All Online Programs Undergraduate Degrees Graduate Degrees Graduate Certificates Nondegree Programs Browse Interest Areas Tuition Tuition and Time Estimator Loan Estimator Financial Aid Scholarships Admission Student Experience Online Learning Science Labs Reviews Student Services Student Community Tutoring Study Abroad Graduation & Careers Newsroom About Why ASU Online About Rankings Faculty Accreditation FAQ Contact Apply now Request info Internet explorer is not supported. Preferred browsers: Chrome and Firefox. ASU Online scholarships Step 1 of 2 Request Information To learn more about ASU Online or a specific program, fill out the form below and check your email for information on next steps. * Indicates a required field * Degree type Select a degree type Press enter to open the dropdown menu. No results found. Area of interest Select an interest area Press enter to open the dropdown menu. No results found. Program Select a program Press enter to open the dropdown menu. No results found. * Have you served in the U.S. military or are you a military dependent? Yes No * Indicates a required field * First name * Last name * Email address * Phone number Country code Phone number By submitting my information, I consent to ASU contacting me about educational services using automated calls, prerecorded voice messages, SMS/text messages or email at the information provided above. Message and data rates may apply. Consent is not required to receive services, and I may call ASU directly at 866-277-6589 . I consent to ASU’s mobile terms and conditions , and Privacy Statements , including the European Supplement. Continue Submit Apply for scholarships and grants Online students at Arizona State University may be eligible for scholarships, including ASU Online scholarships . Submit your FAFSA and you’ll automatically be considered for the ASU Online scholarships you qualify for. No separate application required. Please note most nondegree seeking students are not eligible for scholarships or other financial aid. Frequently asked questions What is a scholarship? Scholarships and grants are types of financial awards that you can earn to reduce college costs. You can use these awards to pay for tuition, fees, books or other college expenses depending on the scholarship. Some scholarships might have specifications and will only cover certain expenses. Scholarships are often awarded based on academic merit, but can also be given based on your background, financial need, special talents, degree program and other factors. A wide range of organizations offer scholarships, including schools, companies, nonprofits, community groups, professional organizations and more. Grants differ from scholarships because they’re usually awarded based solely on financial need. Another difference is that grants are most often given by public institutions, including federal and state governments, as well as colleges and universities. Sometimes these awards are a one-time payment and other times they’re renewable and provide assistance each semester you’re in school. Some scholarships do not give you a payment and instead simply provide a reduction in cost. Learn more about financial aid for online students . Does ASU offer scholarships for online students? Yes. ASU offers scholarships for eligible new and transfer students and students continuing their degree through the ASU Online Scholarship program. You do not need a separate application. Submit your FAFSA and you’ll automatically be considered based on your eligibility. Explore our scholarship guide to see what may be available to you. How can I get a scholarship? The first step to receiving a scholarship is to submit a Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). The FAFSA is a single application required to qualify for most scholarships, grants and other types of financial aid. Start your FAFSA application . ASU’s Federal School Code is 001081. The FAFSA will determine if you qualify for any federal financial aid including grants and low-interest loans. ASU also uses your FAFSA information to put together your unique financial aid package, which can include additional scholarships and grants. You’ll be able to view your financial aid offer and act on your awards in the finances tab of My ASU. If you still want or need more help paying for school, you can apply for additional scholarships from ASU and other organizations. Every scholarship has different eligibility criteria and application processes, but many require you to submit transcripts, an essay, letters of recommendation and other documents proving eligibility. Scholarships also usually have varying timelines and deadlines, so it’s important to pay close attention to the requirements and check back frequently for new opportunities. Learn more about how to file the FAFSA and apply for scholarships . Do I have to pay back my scholarship? No. Scholarships are a type of aid that does not need to be repaid. A few grants might require repayment, but the majority do not. Student loans are the most common source of financial aid that does require repayment after you graduate. Is there an ASU tool I can use to find scholarships? ASU offers a number of scholarship options for eligible online students along with a variety of private scholarships. Scholarships have specific criteria, varying deadlines and application requirements. The best way to find any relevant scholarships is to use the scholarship search tool . How much scholarship can I get? The amount of money awarded by scholarships varies greatly from a few hundred to many thousands of dollars. Some scholarships help cover tuition while others are designed to help cover other education costs. There’s no limit to the number of scholarships that you can apply to or be awarded, so even getting a few smaller scholarships can add up. Submit your FAFSA to find financial aid We encourage all students applying for scholarships to submit a FAFSA. This single application will leverage your personal information to find out what kinds of financial aid you can get to pay for college. Learn about the different types of financial aid available Financial aid resources Online degree costs Use the tuition calculator to estimate how much your degree might cost. Use the tuition calculator Scholarships We offer a variety of resources to connect you to potential scholarship opportunities that can make it easier to pay for college expenses. Explore scholarships Financial aid Learn about financial aid options, how to fill out your FAFSA and how online students can get financial aid. Find financial aid resources Step 1 of 2 Request Information To learn more about ASU Online or a specific program, fill out the form below and check your email for information on next steps. * Indicates a required field * Degree type Select a degree type Press enter to open the dropdown menu. No results found. Area of interest Select an interest area Press enter to open the dropdown menu. No results found. Program Select a program Press enter to open the dropdown menu. No results found. * Have you served in the U.S. military or are you a military dependent? Yes No * Indicates a required field * First name * Last name * Email * Phone number By submitting my information, I consent to ASU contacting me about educational services using automated calls, prerecorded voice messages, SMS/text messages or email at the information provided above. Message and data rates may apply. Consent is not required to receive services, and I may call ASU directly at 866-277-6589 . I consent to ASU’s mobile terms and conditions , and Privacy Statements , including the European Supplement. Continue Submit Apply now Contact ASU Online is dedicated to providing innovative, high-quality online education to students from across the country and around the world. Apply now Help Desk 855.278.5080 Enrollment 866.277.6589 enrollmentonline@asu.edu Online Degrees All Online Programs Undergraduate Degrees Graduate Degrees Graduate Certificates Nondegree Programs Browse Interest Areas Tuition Tuition and Time Estimator Loan Estimator Financial Aid Scholarships Admission First year Transfer Starbucks Home School International Graduate Military Nondegree Undecided Student Experience Online Learning Science Labs Reviews Student Services Student Community Tutoring Study Abroad Graduation & Careers About Why ASU Online About Rankings Faculty Accreditation FAQ Contact Newsroom ASU Online News Leading Educators Online Learning Tips Sun Devil Life Online Degrees All Online Programs Undergraduate Degrees Graduate Degrees Graduate Certificates Nondegree Programs Browse Interest Areas Tuition Tuition and Time Estimator Loan Estimator Financial Aid Scholarships Admission First year Transfer Starbucks Home School International Graduate Military Nondegree Undecided Student Experience Online Learning Science Labs Reviews Student Services Student Community Tutoring Study Abroad Graduation & Careers About Why ASU Online About Rankings Faculty Accreditation FAQ Contact Newsroom ASU Online News Leading Educators Online Learning Tips Sun Devil Life Maps and Locations Jobs Directory Contact ASU My ASU Copyright and Trademark Accessibility Privacy Terms of Use Emergency Manage my privacy settings
