URL: https://business.purdue.edu/online/programs/ms-global-supply-chain-management/class-profile.php
Last-Modified: 

Online MS Global Supply Chain Management - Purdue Business Skip to Content Online Master's Programs Header School Website Search School Links School Home About About Us Contacts General Information Daniels School in Indianapolis News & Events Working at the school Student Employment Student Experience Undergraduate Graduate Programs Blog International Military Connections Academic Programs Undergraduate Master of Business Specialty Master's Online Master's Non-Degree Programs PHD Academic Departments & Research Academic Departments Faculty Research Outreach & Resources Administrative Offices Alumni Business Career Services Office of Business Partnerships Undergraduate Scholarships Centers & Initiatives Academic Centers & Libraries Research Centers Quick Links Apply Schedule a Visit Give Alumni Directory Contact Online Master's Programs Menu Home Admissions How to Apply Academic Programs Choosing an Online Master's Program MS Business Analytics MS Economics MS Global Supply Chain Management MS Human Resource Management Student Experience Home Blog Online Career Services Success Coaches Test Drive a Course Career Outcomes Contact Online Master in Business Online MBA Online Master of Business and Technology Online MS Global Supply Chain Management Skip this Navigation Online MS Global Supply Chain Management Menu Online MS Global Supply Chain Management - Menu Home Application Tuition Curriculum MITx MicroMasters Class Profile Online MS Global Supply Chain Management Class Profile GLOBAL CLASS PROFILE DOMESTIC 8 States INTERNATIONAL 4 Countries Top Locations Indiana California Arizona Florida Illinois Michigan New Jersey Texas Germany Indonesia Kenya Vietnam Unsure if the Daniels School’s Online MS in Global Supply Chain Management (OMSGSCM) program is the right fit for you? Compare its class profile to that of our residential MSGSCM program to see who you’ll be learning from — and with. Explore the Residential MSGSCM Program Average Experience 10 years Top Incoming Student Employers Akdeniz Chemson Amazon Artemis Tea & Botantical Avantor BAE Systems Barsan Global Logistics, Inc. Collins Aerospace U.S. Army U.S. Marine Corps INDUSTRY Manufacturing 40% Military 20% Transportation 11% Retail Trade 7% Healthcare 4% Other 18% "The curriculum provided a great foundation of advanced business courses and electives that allowed students the ability to explore several areas of interests." Sarah Miramontes - MSGSCM '23 Demand Planner, Design Collective by Cintas "I still have touch points with other people in the program and with the professors, which has been very helpful. One of the aspects that I really liked was getting to know other students through group assignments. Everyone’s background is diverse, but I was able to develop relationships with classmates from across the country." Jonathan Cook - MSGSCM '23 Engineer, Raytheon Technologies Successful Student Attributes True Grit Daniels School students unlock their full potential during their academic journey. Challenges reveal the mettle of a Boilermaker. Our students are tenacious and can be relied upon to see a job through, all while balancing their studies, work and family life. Pioneering Spirit At the heart of Purdue University is a passion for discovery, fueled by an entrepreneurial spirit. Daniels School students blaze their own paths, never settling for the status quo. Initiative We look ahead and forever move forward. Daniels School master’s students apply classroom learning and newly developed skills to their professional development plan and their workplace, creating value for themselves and their companies long before graduation. The "it" Factor Moxie? Check. Magnetism? Check. Charisma that demands attention? Check. Enriching Contributor Daniels School students enrich the school and their cohort, elevating the learning experience for all. Here, diversity transcends ethnicity or gender into realms of thought, industry and academic background. Emotional Intelligence Great leaders communicate effectively and with great empathy. Daniels School students are great leaders in training who learn to manage themselves and their relationships with self and social awareness, upping their Emotional Intelligence Quotient (EIQ). Problem-Solving SKills At the Daniels School of Business, we roll up our sleeves and dig deep into a problem. Success requires us to approach questions from a variety of angles, combining a solid academic foundation with a flair for the creative. And we are successful. Faculty Spotlight "Purdue University’s Online MS Global Supply Chain Management program is designed for those looking to advance their supply chain careers or established professionals pivoting into the field. Our curriculum is aligned with emerging industry trends and courses are taught by supply chain experts. The program allows students to pursue their studies at their own pace. The program also offers different paths of focus, with courses emphasizing the technical and analytical aspects of supply chain as well as classes for those inclined toward leadership." Amy David Clinical Assistant Professor of Management, Supply Chain and Operations Management BS, General Engineering, University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign MBA, Lake Forest Graduate School of Management PhD, Industrial Engineering and Operations Research, University of Illinois at Chicago Mitch Daniels School of Business Footer Footer Links Contact Meet the Dean Administrative Offices Parrish Library Campus Map General Information Directory Business Partnerships Employers Intranet myPurdue News Events School Awards Off Campus Credit Giving Accredited Member AACSB 403 Mitch Daniels Boulevard West Lafayette, IN 47907 Copyright © 2026 Purdue University . All Rights Reserved. If you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact the school webmaster at businesswebmaster@purdue.edu . In accordance with Purdue policies, all persons have equal access to Purdue University's educational programs, services and activities, without regard to race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin or ancestry, genetic information, marital status, parental status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, or status as a veteran. See Purdue's Nondiscrimination Policy Statement . If you have any questions or concerns regarding these policies, please contact the Office of the Vice President for Ethics and Compliance at vpec@purdue.edu or 765-494-5830. Accessibility | EA/EO University | Integrity Statement | Free Expression | College Scorecard (ed.gov) | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
