URL: https://business.purdue.edu/online/programs/ms-global-supply-chain-management/
Last-Modified: 

Online MS Global Supply Chain Management - Purdue Business Skip to Content Online Master's Programs Header School Website Search School Links School Home About About Us Contacts General Information Daniels School in Indianapolis News & Events Working at the school Student Employment Student Experience Undergraduate Graduate Programs Blog International Military Connections Academic Programs Undergraduate Master of Business Specialty Master's Online Master's Non-Degree Programs PHD Academic Departments & Research Academic Departments Faculty Research Outreach & Resources Administrative Offices Alumni Business Career Services Office of Business Partnerships Undergraduate Scholarships Centers & Initiatives Academic Centers & Libraries Research Centers Quick Links Apply Schedule a Visit Give Alumni Directory Contact Online Master's Programs Menu Home Admissions How to Apply Academic Programs Choosing an Online Master's Program MS Business Analytics MS Economics MS Global Supply Chain Management MS Human Resource Management Student Experience Home Blog Online Career Services Success Coaches Test Drive a Course Career Outcomes Contact Online Master in Business Online MBA Online Master of Business and Technology Online MS Global Supply Chain Management Skip this Navigation Online MS Global Supply Chain Management Menu Online MS Global Supply Chain Management - Menu Home Application Tuition Curriculum MITx MicroMasters Class Profile Online Master of Science in Global Supply Chain Management Same Online MSGSCM degree. New lower costs. Purdue University’s online Master of Science in Global Supply Chain Management program equips the next generation of supply chain leaders to create real business value and offer transformative solutions. Our curriculum goes beyond techniques and technologies to help students build practical industry skills that unite manufacturing, technology and analytics. Built on the expertise of our faculty and Purdue’s history of manufacturing excellence, the online MSGSCM program offers experiential learning opportunities that help students adapt to the business technology that defines the future. This program equips students to apply classroom learning to real-world challenges, preparing them to innovate and lead in a variety of roles. Download Fact Sheet Request More Information How to Apply 30 credit hours 1.5 — 2.5 years Flexible, 100% online Core courses complemented by electives #15 MS Supply Chain North America, QS World University Rankings, 2025 #8 Production / Operations Management U.S. News, 2024 #5 MS Global Supply Chain Management North America, 2023 Kazuki Koide gradated from the Daniels School’s online Master of Science in Global Supply Chain Management program in 2024. “I was able to learn how to deal with huge datasets so that I could dig deepr into the system I’m using at my company,” says Koide. Read more “I chose to complete my master’s degree at Purdue because of the accessibility and affordability of the program. The Purdue supply chain program is highly regarded, and that’s something that I really cared about when seeking out a master’s. It’s helping propel my future.” Natalie McCann “I knew that when I came [to Purdue] I was going to get a top-notch, world-class education and be able to upskill my analytical and problem-solving skillsets. It helped me prepare for the next step.” Tom Chen Will my diploma say "online?" No; your diploma will simply refer to Purdue University. It will not specify whether the degree was earned in-person or online. If you would like to receive more information about the Online MSGSCM program at Purdue, please fill out the form and an enrollment specialist will be in touch. First Name Last Name Email Mobile Phone ###-###-#### Company Title Are you currently located in the USA? Yes No Global Region Zip Code I am..* Please select... Just Exploring Looking for More Information I Want to Talk With Someone​ Ready to Apply *Level of Interest Desired Start Term Give us a bit more information to expedite your inquiry. Program of Interest Program Choice Display Data Privacy Statement Privacy Statement Your contact information will only be used to contact you by a representative from the Mitch Daniels School of Business. Your privacy is important to us, and we will not sell your information to any 3rd parties. By submitting a cell phone number you agree to receive text messages at the number provided. Message/data rates apply. Customizing Fields SalesforceFormId Single Option Form SingleOptionForm Single Option Form SingleOptionProgramId reCAPTCHA helps prevent automated form spam. The submit button will be disabled until you complete the CAPTCHA. We also have availability to meet with you virtually to discuss how your goals align with our curriculum, community, student experiences and outcomes to determine if Purdue is the right fit for you! SCHEDULE AN APPOINTMENT Interested in exploring similar residential and non-degree program offerings? Consider our residential MS in Global Supply Chain Management (MSGSCM) program for an experience on our West Lafayette campus or our Online Global Supply Chain Management Graduate Certificate for short-term professional development and to test-drive the full master's program. Explore the Residential MSGSCM Program Explore the Graduate Certificate Upcoming Events 28 Sep Program Overview: Online Master of Human Resource Management 7:00 pm 29 Sep Lead What's Next in Business and Technology Webinar 7:00 pm 30 Sep Program Overview: Online Master of Economics 7:00 pm 1 Oct Program Overview: Online MBA 7:00 pm 6 Oct Program Overview: Online Master of Business Analytics 7:00 pm Mitch Daniels School of Business Footer Footer Links Contact Meet the Dean Administrative Offices Parrish Library Campus Map General Information Directory Business Partnerships Employers Intranet myPurdue News Events School Awards Off Campus Credit Giving Accredited Member AACSB 403 Mitch Daniels Boulevard West Lafayette, IN 47907 Copyright © 2026 Purdue University . All Rights Reserved. If you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact the school webmaster at businesswebmaster@purdue.edu . In accordance with Purdue policies, all persons have equal access to Purdue University's educational programs, services and activities, without regard to race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin or ancestry, genetic information, marital status, parental status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, or status as a veteran. See Purdue's Nondiscrimination Policy Statement . If you have any questions or concerns regarding these policies, please contact the Office of the Vice President for Ethics and Compliance at vpec@purdue.edu or 765-494-5830. Accessibility | EA/EO University | Integrity Statement | Free Expression | College Scorecard (ed.gov) | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
