URL: https://scs.georgetown.edu/programs/503/master-of-professional-studies-in-supply-chain-management/curriculum-courses/
Last-Modified: 

Curriculum | Master's in Supply Chain Management | Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies Skip Main Navigation Cookie Notice Our website uses cookies to understand how you navigate our content and to give you the best browsing experience . View our privacy policy . Accept All Reject All Secondary How to Apply Master's Degrees Certificates Graduate Certificates Bachelor's Degree Doctoral Degree Military Students International Students Online Students Meet Your Admissions Team Tuition & Aid SCS Financial Aid Scholarships About Us Message from the Dean Our Campus Leadership & Governance Student Life Faculty Global GU Network Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Terms of Use and Privacy Policy News & Events Latest News Upcoming Events Request Info Resources Admitted Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Organizations International Students Military Students Sign In Georgetown University Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies Site Graduate Degrees Master's Degrees Graduate Certificates Doctor of Liberal Studies Bachelor's in Liberal Studies Professional Development Certificates Corporate Training Centers & Institutes Coursera for Campus Program Finder Search Search Menu Menu What are you looking for? Search Search Close Close You are here: School of Continuing Studies Graduate Degrees Master's Degrees Master's in Supply Chain Management Curriculum & Courses Curriculum & Courses Apply Now Request Information In this section Overview Curriculum & Courses Mission & Learning Goals The Online Experience Faculty Student Profile Success Stories Career Outlook How to Apply Tuition & Financial Aid Contact Us In this section In this section In this section Overview Curriculum & Courses Mission & Learning Goals The Online Experience Faculty Student Profile Success Stories Career Outlook How to Apply Tuition & Financial Aid Contact Us Curriculum To earn a Master’s in Supply Chain Management, you must successfully complete 33 credits total, including the following: 2 core courses (6 credits total): Ethics & Corporate Social Responsibility in Supply Chain (3 credits) Capstone (3 credits) 4 foundation courses (9 credits total): Introduction to Operations and Supply Chain Management (3 credits) Supply Chain Cost and Financial Analysis (3 credits) Supply Chain Design (1.5 credits) Project Management (1.5 credits) 3 areas of emphasis courses (9 credits total): Planning emphasis: Supply Chain Analytics & Technologies (3 credits) Procurement Management emphasis: Strategic Sourcing & Contracting (3 credits) Logistics & Fulfillment Management emphasis: Distribution Strategy & Logistics Management (3 credits) Elective courses (9 credits total): Electives can be chosen from additional courses that align with the areas of emphasis outlined above, or a more general list of electives. For a current list of electives, please see the Course Schedule below. Areas of Emphasis The Supply Chain Management program offers three distinct areas of emphasis to best help students understand the interplay of planning, procurement, and logistics & fulfillment management. Each area of emphasis contains one required course and additional elective courses: Planning: Planning activities include those processes related to predicting, preparing, and aligning resources to meet future business needs. Procurement Management: Procurement management activities cover the areas related to the sourcing, negotiating, contracting, acquiring products and/or services, and ongoing supplier relationship management. Logistics & Fulfillment Management: Logistics & fulfillment management includes activities related to inbound and outbound transportation and warehousing, as well as the execution of orders and any returns. Program Formats The Master's in Supply Chain Management is available in both an online format and an on-campus format. You can opt to take classes online, on-campus, or through a combination of both. On-Campus Format: In the on-campus format, classes are held at the same times every week at our downtown D.C. campus . Online Format: The online master’s has the same curriculum as the on-campus format and offers access to all of the same University resources. In this format, you’ll be able to watch lectures and complete assignments on your own schedule. Full-Time v. Part-Time Status You’ll have the flexibility to earn your degree at a pace that suits your schedule: Full-time students typically take 9 credits (3 courses) during the fall and spring semesters. Part-time students typically take 3 to 6 credits (1 to 2 courses) during the fall and spring semesters. Although students are not required to take credits during the summer semester, they have the option of registering for one or more courses in order to continue their progress year-round. Accreditation All programs offered by Georgetown University are fully accredited by the Middle States Commission on Higher Education . Course Schedule Entry Term Summer 2026 Fall 2026 Spring 2027 Capstone This course allows students to use the tools, techniques, and knowledge they have learned throughout the program to solve a business problem or improve a process within their organization or as a consulting project for a real-world client. Students will work closely with their faculty advisor to determine an appropriate topic and scope for their capstone project. This course meets online via Zoom on the date and time listed. Your program must register you for this course - please contact your academic advisor for help registering. COURSE NO: MPSC-7990-40 COURSE REF NO: 19736 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Linda Dunn DATES: May. 18 – Aug. 15, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Wed 5:15 PM - 8:15 PM Format: Online Data Mgt & Visualization This course introduces data management structures and platforms, data governance and collaborative data management practices, global product classification standards, information hierarchies and attributes, data analysis, procure to pay and information technology fundamentals for supply chain management. Topics covered include data modeling, relational databases, data extraction, data queries, and reporting. This course is completed asynchronously online. COURSE NO: MPSC-6660-140 COURSE REF NO: 19731 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Ronald Treusdell DATES: May. 18 – Aug. 15, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Format: Online High-Stakes Communications The ability to communicate well is essential in both professional and personal situations. Communication can rise to the level of high-stakes when the process is difficult or tense, the outcome is critical, and/or the possibility of miscommunication is high. This course introduces students to multiple types of high-stakes communications in business and dives deep into two specific types of high-stakes communications: 1)negotiations and 2)managing across different cultures. To help prepare for these two high-stakes communication situations, students will learn practical as well as theoretical tools, methodologies, and approaches. This course is completed asynchronously and has no meeting times. COURSE NO: MPSC-7760-140 COURSE REF NO: 19732 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Greg Hofe, Lelia Mooney Sirotinsky DATES: May. 18 – Aug. 15, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Format: Seminar Humanitarian Logistics This course examines the supply chain challenges and strategies that are inherent in humanitarian relief efforts. Areas covered include both surge efforts (e.g., emergency and disaster response) as well as ongoing efforts (e.g., international relief and development projects). Students also examine the role and management of factors such as governments, NGOs, beneficiaries, infrastructure, donations, temporary structures, and country-specific conditions. The course demonstrates the importance of coordinating communications and efforts amongst stakeholders for maximum effectiveness. This course meets via Zoom on the listed day and time. As the physical class time is shortened, additional asynchronous work is included. COURSE NO: MPSC-7820-140 COURSE REF NO: 19734 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Nickea Bradley DATES: May. 18 – Aug. 15, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Format: Seminar MPS-SCM Internship 1 This course is designed to help students solidify their career as an industry professional. This course is also meant as a way to help support students during their internship experience. Students are expected to check in monthly and as assignments are due with the instructor about their experience so that the instructor can give guidance regarding the internship and working within a professional organization. COURSE NO: MPSC-7951-140 COURSE REF NO: 20893 CREDIT: 1.00 FACULTY: Sanaa Hiraki DATES: May. 18 – Aug. 15, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Format: Internship Securing Digital SC This course examines how organizations are increasing the security of their supply chains for critical products, materials, and systems. Students will focus on digital threats and vulnerabilities. The course explores case examples and industry and government best practices related to mitigation tools, strategies, and protective measures of Supply Chain Risk Management (SCRM) programs. This course does not meet and is completed online. COURSE NO: MPSC-6715-201 COURSE REF NO: 20042 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Natalie Lehr-Lopez DATES: Jun. 22 – Aug. 18, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Format: Online Capstone This course allows students to use the tools, techniques, and knowledge they have learned throughout the program to solve a business problem or improve a process within their organization or as a consulting project for a real-world client. Students will work closely with their faculty advisor to determine an appropriate topic and scope for their capstone project. This course is completed primarily via an asynchronous online learning method. Four (4) required online synchronous sessions will be held via Zoom on four select Mondays from 5:20 - 7:50 PM EST. This course is a core requirement of the degree and requires a grade of "B" or better for successful completion. You must contact the program team to be registered for this course. COURSE NO: MPSC-7990-101 COURSE REF NO: 42270 CREDIT: 3.00 DATES: Aug. 26 – Dec. 19, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Mon 5:20 PM - 7:50 PM Format: Online Capstone This course allows students to use the tools, techniques, and knowledge they have learned throughout the program to solve a business problem or improve a process within their organization or as a consulting project for a real-world client. Students will work closely with their faculty advisor to determine an appropriate topic and scope for their capstone project. This course meets in person at the day and time listed. This course is a core requirement of the degree and requires a grade of "B" or better for successful completion. You must contact the program team to be registered for this course. COURSE NO: MPSC-7990-01 COURSE REF NO: 40539 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Ronald Treusdell DATES: Aug. 26 – Dec. 19, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Mon 5:20 PM - 7:50 PM Format: Seminar Distrib Strat & Logistics Mgt This course introduces the various options for logistics management (1PL, 2PL, 3PL, etc.) and outlines the pros (including access to a global warehouse network, ability to focus company resources on core competencies, and shipping and risk mitigation) and cons (including cost and loss of control) of various distribution strategies. Students learn about methodologies for optimization, managing logistics, transportation regulations that impact logistics, types of logistics software, and methods to select distribution partners and network configuration. This course meets in person on the day and time listed. COURSE NO: MPSC-7800-01 COURSE REF NO: 43923 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Stephen Spulick DATES: Aug. 26 – Dec. 19, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Thu 5:20 PM - 7:50 PM Format: Seminar Ethics & Corp. Soc. Res. in SC This course introduces students to Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) in supply chain and covers practical, real world topics such as: sourcing sustainable products from vendors, measuring and reporting environmental impacts, ethical sourcing, safety and quality assurance, diverse suppliers, human rights in the supply chain, and implementing a supplier code of conduct. The course will cover global views on CSR including the Global Reporting Initiative. Additionally, this course discusses ethical considerations encountered in supply chain management. This course meets in person at the day and time listed. This course is a core requirement of the degree and requires a grade of "B" or better for successful completion. COURSE NO: MPSC-5000-01 COURSE REF NO: 38822 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Jeffrey Clark DATES: Aug. 26 – Dec. 19, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Mon 5:20 PM - 7:50 PM Format: Seminar Ethics & Corp. Soc. Res. in SC This course introduces students to Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) in supply chain and covers practical, real world topics such as: sourcing sustainable products from vendors, measuring and reporting environmental impacts, ethical sourcing, safety and quality assurance, diverse suppliers, human rights in the supply chain, and implementing a supplier code of conduct. The course will cover global views on CSR including the Global Reporting Initiative. Additionally, this course discusses ethical considerations encountered in supply chain management. This course is completed asynchronously online. This course is a core requirement of the degree and requires a grade of "B" or better for successful completion. COURSE NO: MPSC-5000-101 COURSE REF NO: 38823 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Linda Dunn DATES: Aug. 26 – Dec. 19, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Format: Online Intro. to Ops & SCM This course introduces students to operations and supply chain management and orients them to the curricular areas of emphasis: Planning, Procurement Management, and Logistics & Fulfillment Management. Students will be introduced to a variety of tools, techniques, concepts, and theories. Topics will include demand planning, process design and improvement, quality evaluation, procurement, capacity analysis, logistics management and inventory management. This course will employ simulations, guest speakers, and case studies to immerse students in the world of supply chain management and help them understand essential terminology and current challenges. This course is completed asynchronously. It has no meeting days or times. COURSE NO: MPSC-5520-101 COURSE REF NO: 45103 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Ronald Treusdell DATES: Aug. 26 – Dec. 19, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Format: Online Intro. to Ops & SCM This course introduces students to operations and supply chain management and orients them to the curricular areas of emphasis: Planning, Procurement Management, and Logistics & Fulfillment Management. Students will be introduced to a variety of tools, techniques, concepts, and theories. Topics will include demand planning, process design and improvement, quality evaluation, procurement, capacity analysis, logistics management and inventory management. This course will employ simulations, guest speakers, and case studies to immerse students in the world of supply chain management and help them understand essential terminology and current challenges. This course meets in person on the day and time listed. COURSE NO: MPSC-5520-01 COURSE REF NO: 45098 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Linda Dunn DATES: Aug. 26 – Dec. 19, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Tue 5:20 PM - 7:50 PM Format: Seminar MPS-SCM Internship 1 This course is designed to help students solidify their career as an industry professional. This course is also meant as a way to help support students during their internship experience. Students are expected to check in monthly and as assignments are due with the instructor about their experience so that the instructor can give guidance regarding the internship and working within a professional organization. COURSE NO: MPSC-7951-01 COURSE REF NO: 50790 CREDIT: 1.00 FACULTY: Sanaa Hiraki DATES: Aug. 26 – Dec. 19, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Format: Internship MPSC Internship II Students may take this 1-credit course alongside an independently acquired internship to reflect on how their experience relates to program knowledge and skills. Deliverables include regular writing assignments in which students discuss how program curriculum and methodologies inform their approach to internship responsibilities. Students are expected to complete a minimum of 50 hours of work (total) for the internship organization. NOTE: Enrollment requires program permission. Students may take this class only after taking Internship I 7951. This 1-credit course does not satisfy an elective requirement alone; however, students may complete (3) internships along with all (3) internship classes (Internship I 7951, Internship II 7952, and Internship III 7953) to cumulatively fulfill an elective. COURSE NO: MPSC-7952-01 COURSE REF NO: 50800 CREDIT: 1.00 FACULTY: Jacob Pulitzer DATES: Aug. 26 – Dec. 19, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Format: Internship MPSC Internship III Students may take this 1-credit course alongside an independently acquired internship to reflect on how their experience relates to program knowledge and skills. Deliverables include regular writing assignments in which students discuss how program curriculum and methodologies inform their approach to internship responsibilities. Students are expected to complete a minimum of 50 hours of work (total) for the internship organization. NOTE: Enrollment requires program permission. Students may take this class only after taking Internship I 7951 and Internship II 7952. This 1-credit course does not satisfy an elective requirement alone; however, students may complete (3) internships along with all (3) internship classes (Internship I 7951, Internship II 7952, and Internship III 7953) to cumulatively fulfill an elective requirement. COURSE NO: MPSC-7953-01 COURSE REF NO: 50801 CREDIT: 1.00 FACULTY: Gina Garcia DATES: Aug. 26 – Dec. 19, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Format: Internship SC Analytics & Tech. This course teaches students the primary quantitative and qualitative methods of analysis required to understand, forecast and address variability in the supply chain. Topics include forecasting systems, forecasting integration with strategic partners, typical forecasting fallacies, market analysis techniques, market testing, matching demand and supply, and quantitative forecasting methodologies and concepts, such as single, double, and triple exponential smoothing. This course meets on the time and day listed at 111 Mass Ave Capitol Campus Building COURSE NO: MPSC-6000-01 COURSE REF NO: 47945 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: James Jacobe DATES: Aug. 26 – Dec. 19, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Wed 5:20 PM - 7:50 PM Format: Lecture SC Analytics & Tech. This course teaches students the primary quantitative and qualitative methods of analysis required to understand, forecast and address variability in the supply chain. Topics include forecasting systems, forecasting integration with strategic partners, typical forecasting fallacies, market analysis techniques, market testing, matching demand and supply, and quantitative forecasting methodologies and concepts, such as single, double, and triple exponential smoothing. This course is completed asynchronously online. COURSE NO: MPSC-6000-101 COURSE REF NO: 40531 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: James Jacobe DATES: Aug. 26 – Dec. 19, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Format: Online Securing Digital SC This course examines how organizations are increasing the security of their supply chains for critical products, materials, and systems. Students will focus on digital threats and vulnerabilities. The course explores case examples and industry and government best practices related to mitigation tools, strategies, and protective measures of Supply Chain Risk Management (SCRM) programs. COURSE NO: MPSC-6715-01 COURSE REF NO: 40532 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Natalie Lehr-Lopez DATES: Aug. 26 – Dec. 19, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Thu 5:20 PM - 7:50 PM Format: Lecture Strategic Sourcing/Contracting This course teaches students how to develop and execute a Strategic Sourcing Plan. Students will learn about methods, techniques and technology for strategic sourcing RFX events, contracting fundamentals and approaches, and supplier relationship management. This course does not meet and is completed online. COURSE NO: MPSC-7000-101 COURSE REF NO: 46117 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Sharon Lewis DATES: Aug. 26 – Dec. 19, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Format: Online Supply Chain Dsgn&Prjct Mngmt This course teaches students how to align key supply chain decisions and process flows with the organization’s mission and goals and to increase resiliency. It also equips students with the skills to manage the planning and change management for continuous improvement projects. Students are first introduced to the many inflection points in supply chains and the tradeoffs and how these play into meeting an organization’s goals and mission. Then in the first half of the course, students learn fundamental concepts for constructing supply chain process flows. In the second half of the class, students acquire core skills and techniques needed to successfully manage time-bound projects meant to further optimize those ongoing processes. Students will gain a solid grounding in supply chain mapping, sourcing strategies, TCO, project charters, work breakdown structures (WBS), and project management plans. This course is completed asynchronously online. COURSE NO: MPSC-5575-101 COURSE REF NO: 45100 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Kelly Banuls, Aaron Wolff DATES: Aug. 26 – Dec. 19, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Format: Online Supply Chain Dsgn&Prjct Mngmt This course teaches students how to align key supply chain decisions and process flows with the organization’s mission and goals and to increase resiliency. It also equips students with the skills to manage the planning and change management for continuous improvement projects. Students are first introduced to the many inflection points in supply chains and the tradeoffs and how these play into meeting an organization’s goals and mission. Then in the first half of the course, students learn fundamental concepts for constructing supply chain process flows. In the second half of the class, students acquire core skills and techniques needed to successfully manage time-bound projects meant to further optimize those ongoing processes. Students will gain a solid grounding in supply chain mapping, sourcing strategies, TCO, project charters, work breakdown structures (WBS), and project management plans. This course meets at the time and day listed. COURSE NO: MPSC-5575-01 COURSE REF NO: 45099 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Mohannad Gomaa DATES: Aug. 26 – Dec. 19, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Tue 5:20 PM - 7:50 PM Format: Seminar Supply Chain Internship The Supply Chain Internship course provides students with an experience that links classroom learning with knowledge gained through an applied work setting. In addition to direct participation in a company, non-profit or governmental organization, students will complete career-focused assignments, a reflection, and a career development plan. Through these activities, students gain an understanding of the internship site’s mission, stakeholders, and culture as well as how to positively contribute to an organization’s supply chain activities. Students will obtain their own internships and gain approval prior to signing up for the course. The Supply Chain Internship Course provides students with an experience that links classroom learning with knowledge gained through an applied work setting. Students will complete career-focused assignments, a reflection, and a supply chain career development plan. Through these activities, students gain an understanding of the internship site’s mission, stakeholders, and culture as well as how to positively contribute to an organization’s supply chain activities. Students will obtain their own internships and may choose this course as a continuation of an internship as long as this specific course has not already been taken by the student. This course requires at least 20 hours of applied experience outside of scheduled class time and requires department approval for registration. COURSE NO: MPSC-7950-01 COURSE REF NO: 50805 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Linda Dunn DATES: Aug. 26 – Dec. 19, 2026 CLASS MEETINGS: Format: Internship Capstone This course allows students to use the tools, techniques, and knowledge they have learned throughout the program to solve a business problem or improve a process within their organization or as a consulting project for a real-world client. Students will work closely with their faculty advisor to determine an appropriate topic and scope for their capstone project. This course requires department approval for registration. Students cannot self-register for this course. COURSE NO: MPSC-7990-01 COURSE REF NO: 42734 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Ronald Treusdell DATES: Jan. 13 – May. 15, 2027 CLASS MEETINGS: Mon 5:20 PM - 7:50 PM Format: Seminar Cost & Financial Analysis This course challenges students to consider the linkages between supply chain management and corporate finance. Students learn to anticipate how supply chain decisions affect various stakeholders, both inside and outside the company, including how supply chain decisions create value for shareholders. Topics include accounting fundamentals, cost allocations, standard costing, activity-based costing, transfer pricing, working capital management, KPIs and dashboards, Total Cost of Ownership, and cash flow projections. This course also covers the fundamentals of supply chain finance, including topics such as payables discounting, reverse factoring, lease versus buy, and trade credits. Finally, the course introduces students to a variety of global supply chain and global trade topics, including duty and quotas, taxes, hedging, currency issues, and the mechanics of global joint ventures. This course meets in person at the day and time listed. COURSE NO: MPSC-5530-01 COURSE REF NO: 40943 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Robert Heaton DATES: Jan. 13 – May. 15, 2027 CLASS MEETINGS: Tue 5:20 PM - 7:50 PM Format: Seminar Cost & Financial Analysis This course challenges students to consider the linkages between supply chain management and corporate finance. Students learn to anticipate how supply chain decisions affect various stakeholders, both inside and outside the company, including how supply chain decisions create value for shareholders. Topics include accounting fundamentals, cost allocations, standard costing, activity-based costing, transfer pricing, working capital management, KPIs and dashboards, Total Cost of Ownership, and cash flow projections. This course also covers the fundamentals of supply chain finance, including topics such as payables discounting, reverse factoring, lease versus buy, and trade credits. Finally, the course introduces students to a variety of global supply chain and global trade topics, including duty and quotas, taxes, hedging, currency issues, and the mechanics of global joint ventures. This course is completed asynchronously online. There are no meeting times. COURSE NO: MPSC-5530-101 COURSE REF NO: 40944 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Rita Wells DATES: Jan. 13 – May. 15, 2027 CLASS MEETINGS: Format: Online Data Mgt & Visualization This course introduces data management structures and platforms, data governance and collaborative data management practices, global product classification standards, information hierarchies and attributes, data analysis, procure to pay and information technology fundamentals for supply chain management. Topics covered include data modeling, relational databases, data extraction, data queries, and reporting. This course is completed asynchronously online. COURSE NO: MPSC-6660-101 COURSE REF NO: 44402 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Ronald Treusdell DATES: Jan. 13 – May. 15, 2027 CLASS MEETINGS: Format: Online Distrib Strat & Logistics Mgt This course introduces the various options for logistics management (1PL, 2PL, 3PL, etc.) and outlines the pros (including access to a global warehouse network, ability to focus company resources on core competencies, and shipping and risk mitigation) and cons (including cost and loss of control) of various distribution strategies. Students learn about methodologies for optimization, managing logistics, transportation regulations that impact logistics, types of logistics software, and methods to select distribution partners and network configuration. This course is completed asynchronously online. There are no meeting times. COURSE NO: MPSC-7800-101 COURSE REF NO: 40948 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Stephen Spulick DATES: Jan. 13 – May. 15, 2027 CLASS MEETINGS: Format: Distance Global Supply Chain Management This course introduces students to the rules governing international trade and to global trade considerations. Topics include International Commercial Terms or Incoterms, frameworks for international expansion, regulatory and country reporting requirements, analysis of offshoring and outsourcing, and the evaluation of trade barriers and risks. This course meets in person on the day and time listed at 111 Mass. Ave. COURSE NO: MPSC-7850-01 COURSE REF NO: 42980 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Linda Dunn DATES: Jan. 13 – May. 15, 2027 CLASS MEETINGS: Mon 5:20 PM - 7:50 PM Format: Class Global Supply Chain Management This course introduces students to the rules governing international trade and to global trade considerations. Topics include International Commercial Terms or Incoterms, frameworks for international expansion, regulatory and country reporting requirements, analysis of offshoring and outsourcing, and the evaluation of trade barriers and risks. This course is completed asynchronously online. COURSE NO: MPSC-7850-101 COURSE REF NO: 42979 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Rita Wells DATES: Jan. 13 – May. 15, 2027 CLASS MEETINGS: Format: Online Manufacturing & Quality Mgmnt This course provides a deep dive into the principles, tools, and strategies used in modern manufacturing planning and quality management. Students will explore how organizations design efficient production systems, manage resources, and ensure product quality throughout the manufacturing lifecycle. Topics include production planning, inventory control, lean manufacturing, Six Sigma, statistical process control, and quality assurance systems. Through case studies, simulations, and hands-on assignments, students will gain practical skills to optimize manufacturing operations and uphold quality standards in competitive global markets. By the end of the course, students will be equipped to contribute to manufacturing excellence through strategic planning and rigorous quality management practices. This course meets on the time and day listed at 111 Mass. Ave COURSE NO: MPSC-7310-01 COURSE REF NO: 49378 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Mohannad Gomaa DATES: Jan. 13 – May. 15, 2027 CLASS MEETINGS: Thu 5:20 PM - 7:50 PM Format: Lecture Manufacturing & Quality Mgmnt This course provides a deep dive into the principles, tools, and strategies used in modern manufacturing planning and quality management. Students will explore how organizations design efficient production systems, manage resources, and ensure product quality throughout the manufacturing lifecycle. Topics include production planning, inventory control, lean manufacturing, Six Sigma, statistical process control, and quality assurance systems. Through case studies, simulations, and hands-on assignments, students will gain practical skills to optimize manufacturing operations and uphold quality standards in competitive global markets. By the end of the course, students will be equipped to contribute to manufacturing excellence through strategic planning and rigorous quality management practices. This course is completed asynchronously. COURSE NO: MPSC-7310-101 COURSE REF NO: 49379 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Greg Hofe DATES: Jan. 13 – May. 15, 2027 CLASS MEETINGS: Format: Performance SC Analytics & Tech. This course teaches students the primary quantitative and qualitative methods of analysis required to understand, forecast and address variability in the supply chain. Topics include forecasting systems, forecasting integration with strategic partners, typical forecasting fallacies, market analysis techniques, market testing, matching demand and supply, and quantitative forecasting methodologies and concepts, such as single, double, and triple exponential smoothing. This course meets synchronously through Zoom at the day and time listed. COURSE NO: MPSC-6000-01 COURSE REF NO: 40492 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: James Jacobe DATES: Jan. 13 – May. 15, 2027 CLASS MEETINGS: Wed 5:20 PM - 7:50 PM Format: Seminar Strategic Sourcing/Contracting This course teaches students how to develop and execute a Strategic Sourcing Plan. Students will learn about methods, techniques and technology for strategic sourcing RFX events, contracting fundamentals and approaches, and supplier relationship management. This course meets in person on the day and time listed at 111 Mass. Ave. COURSE NO: MPSC-7000-01 COURSE REF NO: 42732 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Linda Dunn DATES: Jan. 13 – May. 15, 2027 CLASS MEETINGS: Thu 5:20 PM - 7:50 PM Format: Seminar Strategic Sourcing/Contracting This course teaches students how to develop and execute a Strategic Sourcing Plan. Students will learn about methods, techniques and technology for strategic sourcing RFX events, contracting fundamentals and approaches, and supplier relationship management. This course is completed online. COURSE NO: MPSC-7000-101 COURSE REF NO: 51715 CREDIT: 3.00 FACULTY: Sharon Lewis DATES: Jan. 13 – May. 15, 2027 CLASS MEETINGS: Format: Performance Want to learn more about the Master's in Supply Chain Management program? Contact Information (all fields required) First Name Last Name Mobile Number Email Country of Residence Choose State/Province Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Saint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czechia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea North Macedonia Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republic of the Congo Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu U.S. Virgin Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican Venezuela Vietnam Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe State / Province Choose State/Province... Alabama, United States Alaska, United States Alberta, Canada Arizona, United States Arkansas, United States British Columbia, Canada California, United States Colorado, United States Connecticut, United States Delaware, United States District of Columbia, United States Florida, United States Georgia, United States Hawaii, United States Idaho, United States Illinois, United States Indiana, United States Iowa, United States Kansas, United States Kentucky, United States Louisiana, United States Maine, United States Manitoba, Canada Maryland, United States Massachusetts, United States Michigan, United States Minnesota, United States Mississippi, United States Missouri, United States Montana, United States Nebraska, United States Nevada, United States New Brunswick, Canada New Hampshire, United States New Jersey, United States New Mexico, United States New York, United States Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada North Carolina, United States North Dakota, United States Northwest Territories, Canada Nova Scotia, Canada Nunavut, Canada Ohio, United States Oklahoma, United States Ontario, Canada Oregon, United States Pennsylvania, United States Prince Edward Island, Canada Quebec, Canada Rhode Island, United States Saskatchewan, Canada South Carolina, United States South Dakota, United States Tennessee, United States Texas, United States Utah, United States Vermont, United States Virginia, United States Washington, United States West Virginia, United States Wisconsin, United States Wyoming, United States Yukon, Canada What are you interested in? Program Format Select a Format Master's in Supply Chain Management (On-Campus) Online Master's in Supply Chain Management (Online) Semester Fall 2026 Spring 2027 Summer 2027 Fall 2027 Check here to indicate that you have read and agree to the SCS Terms of Use and Privacy Policy By providing a mobile telephone number, you consent to your information being shared with third party vendors and providers, and to receive telephone calls and SMS messages from Georgetown or from third parties, including AI-generated content and information about Georgetown SCS, at the provided number. Request Information Georgetown University Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies Want to learn more about our programs? Contact Us Program Finder Apply Quick Links Quick Sign In Academic Calendar Resources for Footer Admitted Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Organizations International Students Military Students Connect with us Footer Facebook X Instagram Youtube Linkedin Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies 111 Massachusetts Ave NW Washington, DC 20001 Phone: (202) 687-8700 Summer Sessions Summer High School Sessions Utility Accessibility At Georgetown Privacy Policy Terms of Use Public Safety Emergency Contact © 2026 Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies , all rights reserved. Site Menu Site Graduate Degrees Master's Degrees Graduate Certificates Doctor of Liberal Studies Bachelor's in Liberal Studies Professional Development Certificates Corporate Training Centers & Institutes Coursera for Campus Secondary How to Apply Master's Degrees Certificates Graduate Certificates Bachelor's Degree Doctoral Degree Military Students International Students Online Students Meet Your Admissions Team Tuition & Aid SCS Financial Aid Scholarships About Us Message from the Dean Our Campus Leadership & Governance Student Life Faculty Global GU Network Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Terms of Use and Privacy Policy News & Events Latest News Upcoming Events Request Info Resources Admitted Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Organizations International Students Military Students Sign In Georgetown University Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies Sign In Close Close
