URL: https://asuonline.asu.edu/admission/graduate/
Last-Modified: Thu, 17 Sep 2026 15:53:06 GMT

Online Graduate Student | ASU Online Apply now × Please select one of the options below: Start Undergraduate Application Start Graduate Application Apply now × Please select one of the options below: Start Undergraduate Application Start Graduate Application Apply now × Please select one of the options below: Start Undergraduate Application Start Graduate Application × How can we assist? Request info or Chat Apply now × Please select one of the options below: Start Undergraduate Application Start Graduate Application Skip to main content Report an accessibility problem ASU Online Skip to main content Report an accessibility problem ASU Home My ASU Colleges and Schools Sign in ASU Online Online Degrees All Online Programs Undergraduate Degrees Graduate Degrees Graduate Certificates Nondegree Programs Browse Interest Areas Tuition Tuition and Time Estimator Loan Estimator Financial Aid Scholarships Admission Student Experience Online Learning Science Labs Reviews Student Services Student Community Tutoring Study Abroad Graduation & Careers Newsroom About Why ASU Online About Rankings Faculty Accreditation FAQ Contact Apply now Request info Internet explorer is not supported. Preferred browsers: Chrome and Firefox. Graduate students Step 1 of 2 Request Information To learn more about ASU Online or a specific program, fill out the form below and check your email for information on next steps. * Indicates a required field * Degree type Select a degree type Press enter to open the dropdown menu. No results found. Area of interest Select an interest area Press enter to open the dropdown menu. No results found. Program Select a program Press enter to open the dropdown menu. No results found. * Have you served in the U.S. military or are you a military dependent? Yes No * Indicates a required field * First name * Last name * Email address * Phone number Country code Phone number By submitting my information, I consent to ASU contacting me about educational services using automated calls, prerecorded voice messages, SMS/text messages or email at the information provided above. Message and data rates may apply. Consent is not required to receive services, and I may call ASU directly at 866-277-6589 . I consent to ASU’s mobile terms and conditions , and Privacy Statements , including the European Supplement. Continue Submit On this page: On this page: Admission Details Resources FAQ Apply now Request info Explore graduate student admission To be admitted into an online graduate program at Arizona State University, you must meet the minimum requirements outlined by the university, as well as the specific program you’re applying to. You’ll also have to complete an application, pay an application fee, send official transcripts and submit additional materials, depending on the program. Explore our resources to learn more about graduate admission and the application process. Graduate student admission Who are graduate students at ASU? You’re considered a graduate student at ASU if you’re working to complete a master’s or doctorate degree. Graduate students must meet all of the admission requirements and enroll in a specific program. Become an expert in your field Earning a graduate degree is a great way to set yourself apart from the competition and advance your career. With courses focused on expanding your skill set, graduate programs give you expertise in your field and real-world experience in your community. While many schools offer graduate programs, at ASU Online, you can further your education without having to pause your career. With more than 200 online master's and graduate programs, ASU Online makes it easy to embrace your passion and earn a graduate degree on your terms. Take the DegreeMe quiz to explore online graduate programs based on your interests and goals. Answer a few questions to receive personalized program matches and custom content about why each program might interest you. #2 in U.S. for employability among public universities. Our graduate student community 15,663 ASU Online graduate students 33 Average age Most popular graduate degrees 1 Special education - applied behavior analysis 2 Social work 3 Computer science 4 Psychology 5 Forensic psychology Top places graduate students live 1 Arizona 2 California 3 Texas 4 Washington 5 Florida What online graduate students are saying about us I am a triple devil. I received my undergrad at ASU, I am currently working on a master’s at ASU and I work full-time for the university. I’ve had the pleasure of seeing the university from all sides and have fallen in love over and over again with the Sun Devil way and the Sun Devil community. Siobhan Lyons Master of Sustainability Leadership student Advance your education with support from us We’re here to make your graduate experience as smooth as possible. If you enroll in a graduate program at ASU Online, you’ll have access to financial assistance, professional development resources and academic support. Financial aid for online graduate students Use the ASU Online tuition calculator to get the best estimate of your potential tuition costs. Graduate students are eligible for financial aid and most ASU students receive financial aid to lower their tuition costs. Learn about financial aid Graduate degrees at ASU Online At ASU Online, you can enroll in a wide variety of graduate programs, ranging from communication and education to engineering and forensic science. Browse graduate programs Online graduate student resources We’re here to help. As a graduate student, you’ll have access to all of ASU Online’s student services, including counselors, career advisors, tutors and more. Find support FAQ about online graduate degrees How does financial aid work for online college? ASU Online students are eligible for the same financial aid opportunities as in-person students. Graduate students interested in financial aid and scholarships must apply . How many credits do I have to take to be a full-time graduate student and receive financial aid? In the fall and spring semesters, you must take nine or more credit hours to be considered a full-time graduate student. In the summer session, you must take at least three credit hours. Additionally, to remain eligible, you cannot exceed the maximum attempted credit hour limit for your degree program. Will my diploma say “ASU Online?” No, there will be no reference to ASU Online on your diploma. Instead, your diploma will say “Arizona State University.” This is because our online and on-campus programs use the same curriculum. Is an online graduate degree worth it? Yes, an online graduate degree is worth it. ASU Online’s regionally accredited graduate programs are taught by the same faculty as our on-campus programs, using the same curriculum. Earning your graduate degree online gives you more flexibility to learn more about what you love and further your career. Online graduate degree news Can I get my graduate degree while working full time? October 12, 2021 · 8 min. read Read more How long does it take to earn an online master’s degree? September 16, 2021 · 3 min. read Read more What master's degree should I get? January 27, 2026 · 7 min. read Read more Step 1 of 2 Request Information To learn more about ASU Online or a specific program, fill out the form below and check your email for information on next steps. * Indicates a required field * Degree type Select a degree type Press enter to open the dropdown menu. No results found. Area of interest Select an interest area Press enter to open the dropdown menu. No results found. Program Select a program Press enter to open the dropdown menu. No results found. * Have you served in the U.S. military or are you a military dependent? Yes No * Indicates a required field * First name * Last name * Email * Phone number By submitting my information, I consent to ASU contacting me about educational services using automated calls, prerecorded voice messages, SMS/text messages or email at the information provided above. Message and data rates may apply. Consent is not required to receive services, and I may call ASU directly at 866-277-6589 . I consent to ASU’s mobile terms and conditions , and Privacy Statements , including the European Supplement. Continue Submit Apply now Contact ASU Online is dedicated to providing innovative, high-quality online education to students from across the country and around the world. Apply now Help Desk 855.278.5080 Enrollment 866.277.6589 enrollmentonline@asu.edu Online Degrees All Online Programs Undergraduate Degrees Graduate Degrees Graduate Certificates Nondegree Programs Browse Interest Areas Tuition Tuition and Time Estimator Loan Estimator Financial Aid Scholarships Admission First year Transfer Starbucks Home School International Graduate Military Nondegree Undecided Student Experience Online Learning Science Labs Reviews Student Services Student Community Tutoring Study Abroad Graduation & Careers About Why ASU Online About Rankings Faculty Accreditation FAQ Contact Newsroom ASU Online News Leading Educators Online Learning Tips Sun Devil Life Online Degrees All Online Programs Undergraduate Degrees Graduate Degrees Graduate Certificates Nondegree Programs Browse Interest Areas Tuition Tuition and Time Estimator Loan Estimator Financial Aid Scholarships Admission First year Transfer Starbucks Home School International Graduate Military Nondegree Undecided Student Experience Online Learning Science Labs Reviews Student Services Student Community Tutoring Study Abroad Graduation & Careers About Why ASU Online About Rankings Faculty Accreditation FAQ Contact Newsroom ASU Online News Leading Educators Online Learning Tips Sun Devil Life Maps and Locations Jobs Directory Contact ASU My ASU Copyright and Trademark Accessibility Privacy Terms of Use Emergency Manage my privacy settings
