URL: https://asuonline.asu.edu/what-it-costs/
Last-Modified: Thu, 17 Sep 2026 15:53:24 GMT

Online Tuition & Cost Calculator | ASU Online Apply now × Please select one of the options below: Start Undergraduate Application Start Graduate Application × Enter your credits Select how many credits you plan to take this semester. Add credits Credits per semester − + credits 3 credits typically equals 1 course. Cancel Save credit load Apply now × Please select one of the options below: Start Undergraduate Application Start Graduate Application × Apply now × Please select one of the options below: Start Undergraduate Application Start Graduate Application × How can we assist? Request info or Chat Apply now × Please select one of the options below: Start Undergraduate Application Start Graduate Application Skip to main content Report an accessibility problem ASU Online Skip to main content Report an accessibility problem ASU Home My ASU Colleges and Schools Sign in ASU Online Online Degrees All Online Programs Undergraduate Degrees Graduate Degrees Graduate Certificates Nondegree Programs Browse Interest Areas Tuition Tuition and Time Estimator Loan Estimator Financial Aid Scholarships Admission Student Experience Online Learning Science Labs Reviews Student Services Student Community Tutoring Study Abroad Graduation & Careers Newsroom About Why ASU Online About Rankings Faculty Accreditation FAQ Contact Apply now Request info ASU Online tuition estimator Estimate your online degree tuition and timeline See how much online tuition costs each semester and the time it takes to earn your degree below. Plus, get a savings estimate from transfer credits and aid. Financial aid delays : Financial aid delays are happening at universities from coast to coast after changes made by the federal government to student borrowing guidelines . The new guidelines took effect July 1, and ASU is working to help students understand the changes and their eligibility. ASU has moved the tuition payment date to September 25 for those impacted . ASU has emailed students to their @asu.edu accounts to inform them of that extended deadline. One-on-one assistance is available by calling 855-278-5080. Given our extended tuition deadline, we encourage you to hold on contacting our offices so that calling wait times decrease. Our teams will ensure that all students who qualify for financial aid will receive the aid they are eligible for. Tuition and time estimator Step 1 of 2 Give your details I’m seeking a Degree type select a degree type in Program select a program as a Enrollment status select enrollment status Next Take the next step Our enrollment coaches are available to chat about your tuition estimate and more. Connect with a coach Start your application Turning education into opportunity A degree from ASU can boost economic prospects for you, your family and your community. You’ll gain real career skills from expert faculty, which is why we’re ranked #2 in the U.S. for employability among public universities. Understand your net price While tuition and fee estimates can look overwhelming, your net online tuition price provides a better estimate of how much money you’ll actually spend on your college degree. Your net price is the cost of tuition and fees subtracted by any college financial aid such as grants, scholarships, tuition waivers and other types of federal aid. FAQ about tuition What’s the ASU Online cost per credit? For most programs, ASU Online tuition for the 2026–27 academic year is: Undergraduate: $580 per credit hour Graduate: $605 per credit hour Please note : This is not your final price, and it may change due to what program you choose. Use the tuition calculator above to get a more accurate estimate. Don't see the costs for the academic year you intend to start? All costs for the next unannounced academic year are released by February each year. Are online degrees more affordable? As you can see in the tuition and timeline estimator, your tuition costs vary depending on a variety of factors, including financial aid, scholarships and employer benefits. Your transfer credits can play a role, too. In addition to using this estimator, we recommend you work with your enrollment coach and a financial aid advisor to determine costs for earning a degree. Tuition for online programs is generally lower than an in-person program, especially for out-of-state students. For Arizona residents, online tuition is less than in-person for the first 11 credit hours. For anything over 11 credit hours, online and in-person tuition is the same. Does ASU Online have out-of-state tuition? There is no out-of-state tuition for up to 11 credit hours each semester. At 11 credit hours, Arizona residents benefit from a tuition cap. This means your tuition will not increase with any additional credits you take. Out-of-state students don’t receive a tuition cap, so taking a heavier course load may lead to higher overall tuition costs. How many transfer credits does ASU accept? We accept up to 64 credits from community, junior or two-year colleges. There is no set limit on the credits we accept from four-year colleges and universities. But, you must complete 30 credits at ASU to graduate from your degree program. Before applying your credits towards your degree, our team must evaluate your transfer credits. This happens after you apply. Learn more about our transfer credits . What are the fees included with my tuition estimate? ASU tuition and fees are approved annually by the Arizona Board of Regents. The Undergraduate College Fee 1–4 is the average for instructional costs based on your program. The Student Initiated Fee includes funding for clubs, organizations, health and counseling services and other student experience costs. The Graduate Student Support Fee helps fund graduate student resources and services, including technology, instructional and laboratory expenses. For more details, visit the ASU tuition and fees page . Are textbooks and computers included in tuition? No, textbook and computer costs are not included in tuition. However, depending on your courses and textbooks, there may be opportunities to save, such as purchasing used textbooks or electronic copies of textbooks at a lower rate. What are grants and scholarships? What financial aid can I get? Financial aid is money that can help you cover education expenses such as tuition, books and course fees. Explore financial aid . Federal aid : Federal aid can be need-based or non-need-based. Both are dependent on your income, background and other qualifications. You must be a U.S. citizen or an eligible non-citizen and submit the FAFSA (Free Application for Federal Student Aid) every year to receive federal aid. Grants : Grants are need-based aid that don’t require repayment. Learn more about student grants . Loans : Subsidized (need-based) and unsubsidized (non-need-based) loans are money you borrow and must pay back with interest. Learn more about loans . Scholarships : Another form of free financial aid, scholarships may be need-based or merit-based. Additionally, ASU offers scholarships for eligible online students . Once admitted to ASU, submit your FAFSA and you'll automatically be considered based on your eligibility. No separate scholarship application required. Employer tuition benefits : Our corporate partnerships, including Starbucks, Uber and more, support their employees with tuition assistance or reimbursement programs. Connect with your employer to ask about any existing options. Military benefits : If you’re a veteran, active-duty service member or dependent, you may be eligible for benefits such as tuition assistance or scholarships. Transfer credit : Transferring college credits to ASU can lower your tuition costs, as you won’t have to pay for credits you’ve already earned. Use our college budget worksheet to create an annual budget for your ASU costs. What is the FAFSA? The Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) is an application you fill out to determine your eligibility for financial aid, such as federal grants and loans. It’s recommended you fill out the FAFSA as soon as possible to maximize your aid opportunities. You must submit the FAFSA every year if you want to receive federal aid. Most U.S. citizens or eligible noncitizens will receive aid if they demonstrate financial need. Completing the application helps make college more affordable by providing assistance based on your specific financial situation. Learn more about the FAFSA . Do the One Big Beautiful Bill Act’s federal student loan updates impact ASU Online costs? The One Big Beautiful Bill Act does not change ASU Online costs, but it might impact how much you can borrow each academic year. Use our loan estimator to estimate your federal loans compared to tuition costs. You can also explore our resource to learn more about the student loan borrowing changes. How do online classes work? Online classes are accelerated, where each semester is split into two sessions, a session A and a session B, where you’ll take classes. In fall and spring, classes are 7.5 weeks and 6 weeks in the summer. Online students typically take 1–2 courses per session. It’s recommended that you take classes all three semesters to stay on track and graduate on time. Learn more about the online course experience . Will I pay my tuition by semester? At ASU Online, each semester is split into two sessions: A and B. Tuition is charged per session, and your bill will show session A and session B separately. Federal financial aid is awarded and disbursed by semester (fall, spring and summer). Grants, scholarships, employer benefits and most other forms of aid cover the full semester, whether you take classes in one or both sessions. If you’re only enrolled in session B, your financial aid will disburse seven days before the session begins. How do I submit payment for my tuition? You have different options for paying your tuition, including paying online with credit or debit cards, mail-in checks, eChecks (electronic check payment) or Flywire for international payments. Review all tuition payment options . ASU has a payment plan that offers the option to pay for your tuition or other college costs over three installments within the semester. Depending on residency status, students pay $50–$200 to enroll in the plan. Get more details about the ASU payment plan . Connect with a financial aid expert You’re not alone: ASU has a team of support available to help you navigate the complexities of paying for college. Whether you want to learn more about scholarship opportunities or how to fill out the FAFSA, we’re here to support you. Call Call to speak with an enrollment coach about financial aid and how to pay for college. 866-277-6589 Email Email an enrollment coach with your tuition and financial aid questions. Email Visit Visit one of our four campus locations to speak with a financial aid advisor in person. Locations Live chat Students already admitted to ASU can open a chat to speak with one of our financial aid advisors. Chat Step 1 of 2 Get started today To learn more about ASU Online or a specific program, fill out the form below and check your email for information on next steps. * Indicates a required field * Degree type Select a degree type Press enter to open the dropdown menu. No results found. Area of interest Select an interest area Press enter to open the dropdown menu. No results found. Program Select a program Press enter to open the dropdown menu. No results found. * Have you served in the U.S. military or are you a military dependent? Yes No * First name * Last name * Email * Phone number By submitting my information, I consent to ASU contacting me about educational services using automated calls, prerecorded voice messages, SMS/text messages or email at the information provided above. Message and data rates may apply. Consent is not required to receive services, and I may call ASU directly at 866-277-6589 . I consent to ASU’s mobile terms and conditions , and Privacy Statements , including the European Supplement. Continue Submit Apply now Contact ASU Online is dedicated to providing innovative, high-quality online education to students from across the country and around the world. Apply now Help Desk 855.278.5080 Enrollment 866.277.6589 enrollmentonline@asu.edu Online Degrees All Online Programs Undergraduate Degrees Graduate Degrees Graduate Certificates Nondegree Programs Browse Interest Areas Tuition Tuition and Time Estimator Loan Estimator Financial Aid Scholarships Admission First year Transfer Starbucks Home School International Graduate Military Nondegree Undecided Student Experience Online Learning Science Labs Reviews Student Services Student Community Tutoring Study Abroad Graduation & Careers About Why ASU Online About Rankings Faculty Accreditation FAQ Contact Newsroom ASU Online News Leading Educators Online Learning Tips Sun Devil Life Online Degrees All Online Programs Undergraduate Degrees Graduate Degrees Graduate Certificates Nondegree Programs Browse Interest Areas Tuition Tuition and Time Estimator Loan Estimator Financial Aid Scholarships Admission First year Transfer Starbucks Home School International Graduate Military Nondegree Undecided Student Experience Online Learning Science Labs Reviews Student Services Student Community Tutoring Study Abroad Graduation & Careers About Why ASU Online About Rankings Faculty Accreditation FAQ Contact Newsroom ASU Online News Leading Educators Online Learning Tips Sun Devil Life Maps and Locations Jobs Directory Contact ASU My ASU Copyright and Trademark Accessibility Privacy Terms of Use Emergency Manage my privacy settings
