URL: https://business.purdue.edu/online/programs/ms-global-supply-chain-management/tuition.php
Last-Modified: 

Online MS Global Supply Chain Management Tuition - Purdue Business Skip to Content Online Master's Programs Header School Website Search School Links School Home About About Us Contacts General Information Daniels School in Indianapolis News & Events Working at the school Student Employment Student Experience Undergraduate Graduate Programs Blog International Military Connections Academic Programs Undergraduate Master of Business Specialty Master's Online Master's Non-Degree Programs PHD Academic Departments & Research Academic Departments Faculty Research Outreach & Resources Administrative Offices Alumni Business Career Services Office of Business Partnerships Undergraduate Scholarships Centers & Initiatives Academic Centers & Libraries Research Centers Quick Links Apply Schedule a Visit Give Alumni Directory Contact Online Master's Programs Menu Home Admissions How to Apply Academic Programs Choosing an Online Master's Program MS Business Analytics MS Economics MS Global Supply Chain Management MS Human Resource Management Student Experience Home Blog Online Career Services Success Coaches Test Drive a Course Career Outcomes Contact Online Master in Business Online MBA Online Master of Business and Technology Online MS Global Supply Chain Management Skip this Navigation Online MS Global Supply Chain Management Menu Online MS Global Supply Chain Management - Menu Home Application Tuition Curriculum MITx MicroMasters Class Profile Online MS Global Supply Chain Management Tuition Same Online MSGSCM degree. New lower costs. Furthering your education with a master’s degree requires a significant financial commitment. We are dedicated to helping you take your next giant leap by offering affordable tuition. Tuition Residency Cost Per Credit Hour Indiana Residents $728.00 Out-of-State Students $748.00 International Students $748.00 The cost of attending Purdue varies depending on where you choose to live, enrollment in a specific program or college, food and travel expenses, and other variables. The Office of the Bursar website shows tuition and estimated costs for the current aid year for students by semester and academic year. These amounts are used in determining a student’s estimated eligibility for financial aid. You can also use our tuition calculator to estimate tuition costs. Special Rates Alumni and employees of Purdue's West Lafayette campus and military can take their next giant leap by enhancing their skills with a Purdue master’s degree. Who is eligible: Purdue West Lafayette campus employees Military active duty, reservists, and veterans Purdue West Lafayette campus undergraduate alumni Contact the enrollment specialist to see if you are eligible and obtain details on the reduced rates. Discounted rates are not stackable with other discounts. One discount per student. Special rates are only available to new students enrolling in an Online Graduate program offered through the Daniels School of Business starting with the Fall 2024 intake. Scholarships The Daniels School of Business is currently offering a limited number of scholarships to qualified candidates for its Online Master’s programs. These merit-based awards do not require any additional application, as all applicants are considered. Tuition Comparison We’ve done the research for you! Download our tuition comparison to evaluate the Online Master of Global Supply Chain Management tuition at top universities in the U.S. Download Tuition Comparison Financial Aid at Purdue Purdue understands that funding your education can be an overwhelming challenge, and we work diligently to assist you in helping pay for your education. The university's Division of Financial Aid helps students find ways to eliminate financial barriers to a Purdue education. Use this resource to learn about available types of financial aid, how to apply for aid and much more. If you would like to receive more information about the online MSGSCM program at Purdue, please fill out the form and an enrollment specialist will be in touch. First Name Last Name Email Mobile Phone ###-###-#### Company Title Are you currently located in the USA? Yes No Global Region Zip Code I am..* Please select... Just Exploring Looking for More Information I Want to Talk With Someone​ Ready to Apply *Level of Interest Desired Start Term Give us a bit more information to expedite your inquiry. Program of Interest Program Choice Display Data Privacy Statement Privacy Statement Your contact information will only be used to contact you by a representative from the Mitch Daniels School of Business. Your privacy is important to us, and we will not sell your information to any 3rd parties. By submitting a cell phone number you agree to receive text messages at the number provided. Message/data rates apply. Customizing Fields SalesforceFormId Single Option Form SingleOptionForm Single Option Form SingleOptionProgramId reCAPTCHA helps prevent automated form spam. The submit button will be disabled until you complete the CAPTCHA. We also have availability to meet with you virtually to discuss how your goals align with our curriculum, community, student experiences, and outcomes to determine if Purdue is the right fit for you! Schedule an Appointment Mitch Daniels School of Business Footer Footer Links Contact Meet the Dean Administrative Offices Parrish Library Campus Map General Information Directory Business Partnerships Employers Intranet myPurdue News Events School Awards Off Campus Credit Giving Accredited Member AACSB 403 Mitch Daniels Boulevard West Lafayette, IN 47907 Copyright © 2026 Purdue University . All Rights Reserved. If you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact the school webmaster at businesswebmaster@purdue.edu . In accordance with Purdue policies, all persons have equal access to Purdue University's educational programs, services and activities, without regard to race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin or ancestry, genetic information, marital status, parental status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, or status as a veteran. See Purdue's Nondiscrimination Policy Statement . If you have any questions or concerns regarding these policies, please contact the Office of the Vice President for Ethics and Compliance at vpec@purdue.edu or 765-494-5830. Accessibility | EA/EO University | Integrity Statement | Free Expression | College Scorecard (ed.gov) | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
