URL: https://business.purdue.edu/online/career-outcomes.php
Last-Modified: 

Online Master's Programs - Purdue Business Skip to Content Online Master's Programs Header School Website Search School Links School Home About About Us Contacts General Information Daniels School in Indianapolis News & Events Working at the school Student Employment Student Experience Undergraduate Graduate Programs Blog International Military Connections Academic Programs Undergraduate Master of Business Specialty Master's Online Master's Non-Degree Programs PHD Academic Departments & Research Academic Departments Faculty Research Outreach & Resources Administrative Offices Alumni Business Career Services Office of Business Partnerships Undergraduate Scholarships Centers & Initiatives Academic Centers & Libraries Research Centers Quick Links Apply Schedule a Visit Give Alumni Directory Contact Online Master's Programs Menu Home Admissions How to Apply Academic Programs Choosing an Online Master's Program MS Business Analytics MS Economics MS Global Supply Chain Management MS Human Resource Management Student Experience Home Blog Online Career Services Success Coaches Test Drive a Course Career Outcomes Contact Online Master in Business Online MBA Online Master of Business and Technology Career Outcomes Online programs at the Mitch Daniels School of Business are preparing business professionals to meet today’s business challenges while securing leadership enhancements, career agility, promotions and salary increases. Whether you’re motivated to be a problem-solver who distinguishes themselves in this fast-evolving moment, you want to maximize your impact, or increase your earning and opportunities, check out how Daniels School of Business online graduates are doing comparably: Our Graduates - By The Numbers 82% reported that their managerial and leadership capabilities were enhanced 45% moved into roles with higher responsibilities in either a new company or in their current company 88% reported their degree increased their ability to work outside of their functional area to solve business challenges 77% have been able to implement meaningful changes in their organizations Average Salary Improvements $25,017 Daniels School online MBA graduates $36,375 Daniels School online MS Business Analytics graduates $27,510 Daniels School online MS Economics graduates $23,397 Daniels School online MS Global Supply Chain Management graduates $15,571 Daniels School online MS Human Resource Management graduates “My Purdue master’s program gave me the flexibility to choose my electives and shape my career path in the direction I wanted. I learned to navigate working with students with different personalities and backgrounds, allowing me to learn to work together on solving complex problems.” Anneliese Clark Online MSGSCM '22 *Average salary improvement calculated from the start of the master’s program to six months post-graduation, for those whom provided data. #1 Most Recognized University in the U.S. American Caldwell, 2024 #7 Best Online MBA in North America CEOWorld Magazine, 2025 Top 10 Most Innovative School in the U.S. Seven Years Running U.S. News & World Report, 2025 Industry Overview The employment landscape is strong for those interested in pursuing careers in business. Our industry overview shares the robust growth in professional opportunities in various fields, the many different sectors you could work in, the steady salary growth that savvy business professionals enjoy, and the skills necessary to be successful. Explore opportunities in... Business Analytics Economics Supply Chain Management Human Resources Business Career Services The dedicated career coaches and advisors at the Daniels School of Business are here to help students turn their goals into reality. Take advantage of the research-backed tools and the guidance of experienced professionals through individual counseling and job search resources in the creation of your career path strategy and leadership development. Whether you are a new professional, career enhancer or career changer, we look forward to working with you. Learn more about the career services Office or schedule an appointment online. Career Services If you would like to receive more information about the online graduate business programs at Purdue, please fill out the form and a program specialist will be in touch. First Name Last Name Email Mobile Phone ###-###-#### Company Title Are you currently located in the USA? Yes No Global Region Zip Code I am..* Please select... Just Exploring Looking for More Information I Want to Talk With Someone​ Ready to Apply *Level of Interest Desired Start Term Give us a bit more information to expedite your inquiry. Program of Interest Program Choice Display Data Privacy Statement Privacy Statement Your contact information will only be used to contact you by a representative from the Mitch Daniels School of Business. Your privacy is important to us, and we will not sell your information to any 3rd parties. By submitting a cell phone number you agree to receive text messages at the number provided. Message/data rates apply. Customizing Fields SalesforceFormId Single Option Form SingleOptionForm Single Option Form SingleOptionProgramId reCAPTCHA helps prevent automated form spam. The submit button will be disabled until you complete the CAPTCHA. We also have availability to meet with you virtually to discuss how your goals align with our curriculum, community, student experiences and outcomes to determine if Purdue is the right fit for you! Schedule an online meeting with our program specialists to learn more about: Schedule an Appointment Mitch Daniels School of Business Footer Footer Links Contact Meet the Dean Administrative Offices Parrish Library Campus Map General Information Directory Business Partnerships Employers Intranet myPurdue News Events School Awards Off Campus Credit Giving Accredited Member AACSB 403 Mitch Daniels Boulevard West Lafayette, IN 47907 Copyright © 2026 Purdue University . All Rights Reserved. If you have trouble accessing this page because of a disability, please contact the school webmaster at businesswebmaster@purdue.edu . In accordance with Purdue policies, all persons have equal access to Purdue University's educational programs, services and activities, without regard to race, religion, color, sex, age, national origin or ancestry, genetic information, marital status, parental status, sexual orientation, gender identity and expression, disability, or status as a veteran. See Purdue's Nondiscrimination Policy Statement . If you have any questions or concerns regarding these policies, please contact the Office of the Vice President for Ethics and Compliance at vpec@purdue.edu or 765-494-5830. Accessibility | EA/EO University | Integrity Statement | Free Expression | College Scorecard (ed.gov) | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
