URL: https://scs.georgetown.edu/programs/503/master-of-professional-studies-in-supply-chain-management/how-to-apply/
Last-Modified: 

How to Apply | Master's in Supply Chain Management | Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies Skip Main Navigation Cookie Notice Our website uses cookies to understand how you navigate our content and to give you the best browsing experience . View our privacy policy . Accept All Reject All Secondary How to Apply Master's Degrees Certificates Graduate Certificates Bachelor's Degree Doctoral Degree Military Students International Students Online Students Meet Your Admissions Team Tuition & Aid SCS Financial Aid Scholarships About Us Message from the Dean Our Campus Leadership & Governance Student Life Faculty Global GU Network Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Terms of Use and Privacy Policy News & Events Latest News Upcoming Events Request Info Resources Admitted Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Organizations International Students Military Students Sign In Georgetown University Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies Site Graduate Degrees Master's Degrees Graduate Certificates Doctor of Liberal Studies Bachelor's in Liberal Studies Professional Development Certificates Corporate Training Centers & Institutes Coursera for Campus Program Finder Search Search Menu Menu What are you looking for? Search Search Close Close You are here: School of Continuing Studies Graduate Degrees Master's Degrees Master's in Supply Chain Management How to Apply How to Apply Apply Now Request Information Georgetown School of Continuing Studies On-Campus Experience In this section Overview Curriculum & Courses The Online Experience Faculty Student Profile Success Stories Career Outlook How to Apply Tuition & Financial Aid Contact Us In this section In this section In this section Overview Curriculum & Courses The Online Experience Faculty Student Profile Success Stories Career Outlook How to Apply Tuition & Financial Aid Contact Us Applying to graduate school is a big step. To make applying as simple and straightforward as possible, we've put together a checklist of everything you need to complete your application. From detailed requirements to helpful how-to articles, the checklist below and our Admissions Policy Handbook will help you navigate the application process. The SCS Admissions team generally works Monday to Friday from 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. ET, excluding holidays and commencement week. Walk-ins are welcome on Tuesdays; all other weekdays are available by appointment by contacting your admissions recruiter . Your Admissions Recruiter Dan Wilken Admissions Recruiter dw965@georgetown.edu 202-784-7374 No Standardized Test Scores Required Georgetown University's School of Continuing Studies does not require nor review GRE or GMAT test scores for admission to our master's degree or graduate certificate programs. Deadlines Fall Term Application Opens—Sep 15 Priority Deadline—Apr 1 Final Deadline—Jun 15 Spring Term Application Opens—May 1 Priority Deadline—Oct 15 Final Deadline—Nov 1 Note: The following programs only admit students for the fall semester: Master of Arts in Liberal Studies and our executive master's programs. The following master's programs only admit students for the fall and spring semesters: Higher Education Administration, Journalism, and Supply Chain Management. Online only programs and the Graduate Certificate in Lean and Agile Practices do not offer visa support. If you are an international applicant who requires F-1 or J-1 visa support, you should submit all required application materials by the priority deadline and accept your enrollment, if admitted, soon after your decision is posted to ensure alignment with the Office of Global Services visa processing timelines. Additional information on the visa process can be found on Georgetown's Visa and Immigration Documents page. Application Checklist 1. Completed Online Application Our application is conveniently located online for you to complete at your own pace. Applications received after the priority deadline will be subject to a $75, non-refundable fee. The School of Continuing Studies is currently offering automatic application fee waivers for: Applicants who apply by the priority deadline. Military-connected applicants, including those who are an Active Duty Service Member, Reservist or Guardsman, ROTC Candidate, Veteran, Dependent Child, Surviving Child, Parent, or Spouse. Current or recently separated (between April 1, 2024 and now) US federal civil government employees or contractors. Alumni of Georgetown University’s undergraduate, graduate, or professional certificate programs. Applicants affiliated with one, or more, of the programs, organizations, or DMV-based conditions on the list of application fee waivers . Applicants who are US citizens with financial need demonstrated by one, or more, of the qualifications on the list of approved qualifications of demonstrated financial need . Apply Now 2. Resume or CV Please submit an up-to-date version of your resume or CV that is no more than two pages. 3. Statement of Purpose Please respond to the following prompts (200-300 words each). Your response should be Times New Roman, 12pt font, and double-spaced. Why are you interested in pursuing this specific program? What specific academic and professional qualities do you possess that could help you excel within this program? What goals (personal and professional) do you hope to achieve if you are accepted into this program? (Optional, but required if you were previously terminated from a program at Georgetown University) Explanations of any previous educational experiences or GPA addendums that you wish to share. 4. Two Letters of Recommendation Through the online application portal, you will be prompted to provide the contact information for two recommenders. Immediately upon saving your application, they will receive an electronic request with instructions for submitting their recommendation. An editable PDF can be downloaded and sent directly from the recommender to the program’s admissions advisor— see contact above —if they are having trouble accessing the electronic recommendation. Please note that our electronic recommendation form works best in Chrome or Firefox. Recommendations should be completed by supervisors, or former professors, who can attest to your professional or academic abilities. Letters of recommendation may be submitted at any time once an application is started, including before the application is submitted. Tips for Recommendations 5. Transcripts from Previously Attended Undergraduate and Graduate Level Institutions To be eligible for review, applicants to Master’s and Graduate Certificate programs at the School of Continuing Studies must either: hold a conferred bachelor’s degree be actively enrolled in the final year of their undergraduate program (if they maintain a 3.00 GPA or better at the time of application) be actively enrolled in the final term of their undergraduate program (anyone regardless GPA) Applicants currently completing their final year must submit a transcript or course-by-course evaluation that clearly lists all courses in progress to be considered for review. Current Georgetown University students intending to switch into this program should review the Admissions Policy Handbook at the top of this page and consult with the admissions team regarding the steps they must take to do so. Applicants who order a transcript or course-by-course evaluation that does not meet the requirements for review are responsible for any additional charges incurred if the committee requests an updated document from the applicant. Applicants who attended a U.S. institution must submit (official or unofficial) transcripts from: all undergraduate institutions where 16 or more credits were earned all graduate institutions where any credit was earned All US institutions must be accredited through one of the bodies officially recognized by the US Department of Education. In order to ensure that U.S. accreditation standards, degree, course, and credit equivalencies are met, applicants who attended an international institution must submit an official course-by-course evaluation from TEC , WES , or ECE of: all undergraduate institutions attended for more than one term all graduate institutions where any credit was earned For information on study abroad transcripts, please see our policy handbook at the top of the page. Information on sending official documents and completing conditional admissions requirements can be found further down. 6. Writing & Work Samples (Optional) Please submit two writing or work samples. These can include published or unpublished works. Applicants can also submit links to portfolios, video, photography, or other creative work that is relevant to your degree program. These documents should not be academic papers (unless otherwise noted), though they could have been created in an academic setting; they should be creative documents and/or documents someone would make while working in the field. A short explanation of what the document is and your contribution to the document should accompany each submission. See below for program-specific guidelines. Design Management & Communications: Samples can include creative strategies, digital design elements or images of physical design elements, social media campaigns, or marketing communications plans. Integrated Marketing Communications: Samples may include consumer research, marketing communications plans, professional blog posts, articles, design concepts, newsletters or creative strategies. Journalism: Writing samples can include blog posts, essays, or articles. Strategic Communications: Writing samples can include press releases, communication plans, or opinion editorials. 7. English Language Proficiency Exams Coursework at Georgetown University is reading- and writing-intensive and requires proficiency in written and spoken English. All applicants who did not earn a high school diploma or a degree (Associate’s, Bachelor’s, Master’s, or Doctorate) from an accredited institution (or program) where the primary language of instruction is English are required to complete one of the following English proficiency examinations unless they meet one of the additional waiver options. An application will not be reviewed unless the minimum requirement is met. Test of English as a Foreign Language (TOEFL) TOEFL: Required overall score of 100 with no individual category scores below 23 (original TOEFL iBT score scale) or 5 with no individual category scores below a 4.5 (new TOEFL iBT score scale beginning January 21, 2026) TOEFL iBT MyBest™ scores are accepted for admission to undergraduate and graduate programs. School of Continuing Studies Institution Code: 5986 International English Language Testing System (IELTS) IELTS: Required overall score of 7.0 with no individual category scores below 6.5 School of Continuing Studies Institution Code: 5986 Duolingo English Test (DET) DET: Required overall score of 130 with no individual category scores below 120 Students should plan well in advance to complete the necessary tests and allow time for the Georgetown SCS Office of Admissions (institution code 5986) to receive the results. Exam scores are valid for two years. Additional Options for Waivers: Has completed the highest level of intensive English at Georgetown University or another member institution of the UCIEP . Has completed Level 402 or higher of the Intensive English Program at the International Center for Language Studies. 8. Sending Official Documents & Meeting Conditional Admissions Requirements Some admissions documents such as course-by-course evaluations, English proficiency tests, and conditional admissions requirements must be official. A document is only considered official if it is sent directly to our office from the issuing organization; a document sent by the applicant is not official. Below is a guide to sending official documents to our office. Please allow up to one week for the processing of official documents once they have been received by our office. Course-by-Course Evaluations (Required for Admission) Must come directly from TEC, WES, or ECE Can be sent electronically (preferred) or by mail English Proficiency Tests (Required for Admission) Must come directly from TOEFL, IELTS, or DET Can be sent electronically (preferred) or by mail School of Continuing Studies Institution Code: 5986 Satisfying Your Conditional Requirement (If Applicable) Your conditional requirement can be found near the top of your admission letter. Admitted applicants who plan to enroll must provide official transcripts or requested course-by-course evaluations from every institution where they earned a bachelor’s degree or completed any graduate-level coursework. These documents must clearly indicate that the degree has been conferred (if applicable). Other types of conditional documents may be added by the admissions committee to an admissions letter. All conditional documents must be received no later than the first day of classes for the term to which the applicant was admitted. Failure to meet this deadline will result in the student being removed from any classes they are registered for and a hold placed on their account. How to have an official document sent to our office: Preferred Method - Electronic: Send it through an electronic service — National Student Clearinghouse or Parchment are the most common. Have your institution(s) email your document to our office at scsadmissions@georgetown.edu . Alternative Method — Mailed in a Sealed Envelope: Have your institution(s) mail your document to our office at: Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies Attn: Office of Admissions 111 Massachusetts Ave NW Suite 6102 Washington, DC 20001 If your document is sent to another school at Georgetown University by mistake, you will need to reorder the document and have it sent to the School of Continuing Studies. Want to learn more about the Master's in Supply Chain Management program? Contact Information (all fields required) First Name Last Name Mobile Number Email Country of Residence Choose State/Province Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Saint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos Islands Colombia Comoros Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czechia Democratic Republic of the Congo Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Eswatini Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea North Macedonia Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Republic of the Congo Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands South Korea South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu U.S. Virgin Islands Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican Venezuela Vietnam Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe State / Province Choose State/Province... Alabama, United States Alaska, United States Alberta, Canada Arizona, United States Arkansas, United States British Columbia, Canada California, United States Colorado, United States Connecticut, United States Delaware, United States District of Columbia, United States Florida, United States Georgia, United States Hawaii, United States Idaho, United States Illinois, United States Indiana, United States Iowa, United States Kansas, United States Kentucky, United States Louisiana, United States Maine, United States Manitoba, Canada Maryland, United States Massachusetts, United States Michigan, United States Minnesota, United States Mississippi, United States Missouri, United States Montana, United States Nebraska, United States Nevada, United States New Brunswick, Canada New Hampshire, United States New Jersey, United States New Mexico, United States New York, United States Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada North Carolina, United States North Dakota, United States Northwest Territories, Canada Nova Scotia, Canada Nunavut, Canada Ohio, United States Oklahoma, United States Ontario, Canada Oregon, United States Pennsylvania, United States Prince Edward Island, Canada Quebec, Canada Rhode Island, United States Saskatchewan, Canada South Carolina, United States South Dakota, United States Tennessee, United States Texas, United States Utah, United States Vermont, United States Virginia, United States Washington, United States West Virginia, United States Wisconsin, United States Wyoming, United States Yukon, Canada What are you interested in? Program Format Select a Format Master's in Supply Chain Management (On-Campus) Online Master's in Supply Chain Management (Online) Semester Fall 2026 Spring 2027 Summer 2027 Fall 2027 Check here to indicate that you have read and agree to the SCS Terms of Use and Privacy Policy By providing a mobile telephone number, you consent to your information being shared with third party vendors and providers, and to receive telephone calls and SMS messages from Georgetown or from third parties, including AI-generated content and information about Georgetown SCS, at the provided number. Request Information Georgetown University Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies Want to learn more about our programs? Contact Us Program Finder Apply Quick Links Quick Sign In Academic Calendar Resources for Footer Admitted Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Organizations International Students Military Students Connect with us Footer Facebook X Instagram Youtube Linkedin Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies 111 Massachusetts Ave NW Washington, DC 20001 Phone: (202) 687-8700 Summer Sessions Summer High School Sessions Utility Accessibility At Georgetown Privacy Policy Terms of Use Public Safety Emergency Contact © 2026 Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies , all rights reserved. Site Menu Site Graduate Degrees Master's Degrees Graduate Certificates Doctor of Liberal Studies Bachelor's in Liberal Studies Professional Development Certificates Corporate Training Centers & Institutes Coursera for Campus Secondary How to Apply Master's Degrees Certificates Graduate Certificates Bachelor's Degree Doctoral Degree Military Students International Students Online Students Meet Your Admissions Team Tuition & Aid SCS Financial Aid Scholarships About Us Message from the Dean Our Campus Leadership & Governance Student Life Faculty Global GU Network Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Terms of Use and Privacy Policy News & Events Latest News Upcoming Events Request Info Resources Admitted Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Alumni Organizations International Students Military Students Sign In Georgetown University Georgetown University School of Continuing Studies Sign In Close Close
